I feel like I've played this before not
not this game specifically but mocchi
monsters in general like I'm I got
pretty sure there there was an original
DS game based on this franchise and I'm
pretty sure I reviewed it and I would go
check but that would take away the
surprise plus I don't want to remember
its mocchi monsters Moshlings theme park
for the Nintendo 3ds
all right all joking and snide comments
aside this is a decent little game for
kids it's obviously based on the mocchi
monsters thing which is kind of like
pokemons meets Facebook I guess it's the
social network where you know kids trade
monsters or something whatever that
sounds like a Ponzi scheme to me Pikachu
scheme nonetheless Moshlings theme park
takes sixty Moshlings and puts them in a
theme park based on that title I would
have never expected that you basically
travel around this magical island
searching for monsters and playing
minigames the gameplay simple and the
theme park concept is pretty adorable
very fitting for kids really my only
problem with this game is that the theme
park isn't even there at first the
islands basically boarded up so you have
to unlock minigames one at a time the
whole game is essentially rebuilding the
park one game at a time for a game
that's supposed to be for really young
players I'm not sure that's the best
idea
it felt tedious for me let alone a
little kid hyped up on Smarties as with
any compilation the minigames are hit
and miss some of them are better than
others some are worse none of them herb
all that thrilling or memorable I think
kids are probably gonna be a lot more
interested in the monsters but you have
to go through hoops even for those we
come across these games where you have
to guide the monsters down a path with
all these obstacles again more tedious
than fun I think that there's nothing
inherently wrong with this game and it's
fine for kids but at the same time you'd
think a game for kids would be a little
more I don't fun that they wouldn't just
put the monsters behind a tedious game
of unlocking mini-games
I don't know just just a strange design
choice to me games also don't explain
themselves much so it's actually a
little confusing at times too
but for the avid Moshlings fan yeah
that's probably just fine
I mean they're in a theme park try not
to find that adorable can't be done
it's Moshlings theme park for the 3ds
Oh